OK, we are continuing on
describing your the pictures
that I show you.
This is a complex scene. Please
describe it in as much detail as
you can. What is? Describe what
is happening and what you see,
and I'll keep track of the time.
Take between three and five
minutes.
#START_picture_this OK, so this
picture shows almost like a
collage of picture frames filled
with pictures kind of spread out
so they aren't completely on top
of one another, but there are
kind of overlapping corners and
edges and things. And so we have
some large square pictures, some
rectangular pictures, some small
square pictures, and some small
rectangular pictures, and the
pictures have a couple different
background.
Colors. So some of the pictures
have kind of a salmon pink
background, others have a bright
yellow, others kind of have like
a sandy beige, and there's a
bluish background, and then
there's a paler blue background,
and so on these picture frames
there are all sorts of pictures,
and most of them appear to be of
Cavemen.
Is what it looks like or.
I don't know. There's a lot of
Cavemen scenes where there's
other things too. So we've got
in the upper left hand side, we
have a dragon with sunglasses,
and then there is a man laying
on his stomach with another man
standing on his back. So some of
the larger photos on the scene
include a man in a wheelbarrow
with another man pushing him in
the wheelbarrow.
And there's a picture with two
people dressed as like jesters
looking at each other. There's a
picture of a man who is stuck
inside a large snowball. Other
large photos include like a man
getting hit in the head with
either a coffee or a beer mug by
a knight.
A large picture of a man
standing up against a palm tree,
and it's kind of bent over in
half and the palm tree has stuff
shaking out of it and it looks
like it might be hitting the
other man underneath.
And some of the other larger
pictures include like a fountain
with a man in a snorkel and
flippers kind of being blasted
up by the fountain.
There is a picture of some other
kind of dragon towards the
bottom, with a man looking at
him in the eye.
Um, there's a large image of a
man being carried over the
shoulder of a woman.
And.
Just a bunch of other random
pictures like that. So I I can't
actually tell if there is a
theme. There might not be a
theme to this. At first it
looked like caveman, but I don't
think there is a theme to the
pictures. They're all just kind
of different and I think that's
pretty much it, OK?
#END_picture_this
All right, then we can move on
to the next one.
This is another complex scene
again.
It's the same, yeah, sounds
good.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
So this looks like the set of
either a movie or a play. So we
have kind of.
Three different areas of set. So
one of the sets in the upper
left hand area of the scene is
outer space. So it's got a blue
backdrop with pink and red.
UFO shaped.
Spaceships, and then a large
orange and yellow rocket, which
is upside down so it looks like
it landed the wrong way on
whatever this alien land is.
Umm. And so there are a bunch of
almost look like scuba divers,
but they're spacemen kind of
flying around fighting green
aliens with the big red eye in
the middle. Umm. And so the the
actors are hanging down from
ropes, but it looks like they're
flying around.
And they're standing on a ground
that is a paler blue, and it's
kind of rocky and has some
hills, so it looks like they're
on a distant planet.
Another scene that is set is on
the left hand side and it's.
Um, mostly orange or brownish.
And it is kind of like a volcano
scene. So there's a large
volcano structure. And then
there are dinosaurs and Cavemen,
and so there are seven
dinosaurs, green, red.
Purple, light blue, a darker
green, another purplish color
and another red one. And they're
all different types of dinosaurs
and they all look kind of
friendly. They're not doing
anything ferocious or anything,
but there are a bunch of Cavemen
in, like what looks like woolly
mammoth for kind of outfits with
no pants. It's just kind of off
uh upper part of their body and
then it kind of covers their
their rear ends. But it doesn't
go down much further than that,
so very short.
But they're just kind of all.
Together on this kind of
volcanic landscape.
It's hard to tell what's really
going on in this scene.
They might be between a break of
takes or something like that and
then the last scene we have is
it looks like it's inside.
A building, and it looks like
it's supposed to be kind of
spooky. And there are some bats,
there's a tree, and then there's
two large kind of Gothic style
windows.
Umm.
And we've got a red carpet with
a mummy and a ghost and a ghoul
kind of walking towards the
camera. And there is a large ice
cream cone in the center of this
scene, so I don't know what
that's for. But then outside of
the the scene drops there are
like.
Kind of break rooms or something
similar or that the crew and the
like extras get to go. And so
the walls there are beige and it
looks like there's like a buffet
area or a kitchen where they're
serving food and there's some
break tables. And so you can see
different characters like
Dracula and Aliens sitting there
amongst crew members and amongst
Cavemen and that's on the lower
right hand side and then on the
left side there's like.
Maybe they're serving like
coffee or a drink of some sort.
And again, it's like a little
rest area. There's two
bathrooms, one of which has like
a dinosaur character going into
it and then the other one has
one of the space characters
coming out of it. So that's the
the main idea of this page. OK,
great.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, moving on.
This is another story, so again,
describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
the story.
#START_quest So this picture is
of what looks like, it's in the
center of a park where there's
like a large stone bridge.
There's statues on the side of
this bridge, one of an Angel
type figure and then the other
of a mermaid. But we don't see
the mermaid's head and it looks
like it's raining outside. There
is a park bench and a park light
and then underneath this bridge
we see two children, a boy and a
girl and we see.
a bicycle. And the boy and the
girl are each holding a coloring
like a crayon. The girl's is red
and the boy's is purple, and the
boy has a purple bird on his
shoulder. And we notice a bike
to the left of them that has
both a purple wheel and a red
wheel and two seats. And then
directly left to the children
there is a doorway that is kind
of, it's not like a cathedral
style. It's got like a.
Inverted, like the tear drop
doesn't bow outwards, it bows
inwards. Like, I don't know how
to describe what that is, but
the girls looking at this
doorway, and that's kind of
where the picture is.
So all of a sudden an emperor or
king type man comes out of that
doorway and he is dressed in
mostly orange, and he's holding
an orange crayon. And he's got a
drawn crown on his head that is
also in orange. And in his hand
he is holding a piece of paper
that has six colors circles on
it and they're all connected to
each other in a circle. So it's
six individual circles connected
to make one big circle, and it's
the different colors of the
rainbow.
And he's showing it to the two
children, who are kind of taken
aback. The little girl has
fallen and the boy is kind of
falling backwards, and the
emperor character is giving them
like the shush sign. So he's got
his finger over his lips,
telling them to be quiet.
And then we see him put.
Like a sash on the girl that
has.
Little.
Compartments to hold the
different crayons, and he gives
the piece of paper to the boy.
And then two guards come out of
the doorway and grab the
emperor, and the guards are
armed with like Spears, and they
grab him by the arm, and he
flings his orange crayon and he
gets taken back through the
doorway. And so the little girl
and the little boy are left with
their crowns and the orange
crayon on the ground.
So now they're standing outside
of the door. The little girl
places the orange crayon into
the sash compartment to hold on
to it, and now they're drawing
next to the door. So we see the
girl drawing some sort of figure
on the left, and the boy is
drawing one on the ground. And
then we see that they drew 2
keys. And so with those keys
they opened up the doorway and
they go in and the purple bird
follows behind them.
So now they're in kind of a a
mystical land that is
{The mailman cheers to my dog is
going to bark.
Is that like another minute?
Holly, it's fine. It comes every
day. Yeah, OK, I'll buy it now.}
But so we're in a land, it's
filled with castles that have
very tall tower like structures
and there's bridges everywhere
and there's big golden domes on
top of some of these towers. And
then other towers have more like
shingled roofs and we see kind
of some sort of flying.
Umm.
Aircraft in the sky on the left
and the little girl pop out
underneath a small waterfall and
they're kind of tucked behind a
sharp rock and across the river
from them we see like a a paddle
boat.
Um from behind with the Emperor
on it, and he's surrounded by
guards, and they're going
underneath an archway while the
little boy and the little girl
look on from behind this rock.
So then we see.
They're continuing off into the
distance on that ship, going
under. And above on the bridge,
we see additional guards and
boats, and we see the little
girl looking at the piece of
paper that the Emperor had given
him with the colored circles on
it. And so we then get to view a
closer view of the map, and we
see that inside each of the
circles there's a different
image.
And they're connected by varying
degrees of the rainbow. And so
in the bottom right hand side is
a purple circle and there's a
palm tree, and as you move left
there's a purple line that
connects it to a red circle,
which shows a tree with a
doorway.
And that then connects with the
red and purple line to an orange
circle that shows what looks
like a cityscape of this castle.
And then again the colors
continue. So it's now red,
orange and purple, connecting to
a yellow circle, which looks to
show an underwater land. There's
fish and almost like it looks
kind of like Atlantis. And then
from there, red, orange, yellow
and purple line connects to a
green circle where we see a
tall.
Structure with what looks like a
bridge connecting to it, and
that connects them to a blue
circle which shows a mountain.
And then again that Blue circle
connects with all colors of the
rainbow back to the starting
purple circle. And this is all
kind of overlaying on top of a
general map. And it looks like
this is a map of wherever they
are. So I'm thinking that maybe
these circles are highlighting
the areas in which you can find
these different structures.
So we see additional guards and
we see a a man who looks like he
has some sort of royal
importance or military
importance as he's dressed in
gold and has a large gold
helmet.
And they are going by on like a
gondola style boat, so there's a
man at the back pushing with a
large stick.
So the little boy and the little
girl are then sitting on the
rock and they get to drawing and
it looks like they draw like
fish or no not fish. And they
draft like flippers. There we
go, flippers and almost looks
like a scuba tank and a scuba
helmet. And the little boy draws
what looks like the tentacles,
like an octopus or a squid. And
then they dive into the water.
um wearing the flippers that the
girl drew in red.
So now the boy and the girl are
wearing their full scuba gear.
Even the bird is wearing a
little.
Air tank to
Just make sure he gets oxygen
and they're holding on to the
tentacles of what we now learn
is a giant squid and we see them
heading underwater and we do see
kind of an Atlantis like
structure and it almost looks
like the thing called the
Parthenon. I always get them
confused, the Parthenon and then
there's the other one, but it
looks like it's got big pillars
and triangular roof and it's set
in a rectangle and we see.
Some shark swimming around it,
and there are some other
building structures, like a tall
tower that has several windows
and then a tall narrow tower
that has the sculpture of a
mermaid holding something and
then surrounding this whole kind
of.
Area is what looks like either a
gate or a bridge, and it's very
tall and it has a bunch of
archways underneath it, so
they're heading down towards
this structure.
So the boy and the girl get to
the center of.
Like the column to building,
it's kind of deteriorating. So
it doesn't have all the roof or
all of the the top of the
pillars, but they're inside the
center. And we see a statue of
seahorses and on top of that
there is an open shell and there
is a yellow crayon laying in the
center of this open shell. And
surrounding them are just
different underwater plants and
fish. And so the little girl
picks up the yellow crayon, she
sticks it inside of her little
sash that.
has the compartments and then
they start to swim away, holding
on to the giant squid, but they
noticed the guards and the man.
With the gold helmet are kind of
following after them and
pointing towards them as if
they're ready to chase them.
So the boy and the girl come to
the surface and they land on
what looks like kind of a grassy
beach with palm trees kind of
scattered every which way and
bent over and kind of the little
wild looking doesn't look like
many people live here. So they
kind of go in towards this
jungle type area and they start
to Draw Something again. So the
boy is drawing a large semi
circular structure and then the
girl is attaching.
Like a square to that. So we
aren't sure exactly what they're
drawing yet, but they're working
on something.
So it looks like what they ended
up drawing was a rhinoceros. So
the rhinoceros is large and
purple and on top of that is
like a carrying compartment for
them. So it's like what they
carry them when emperors need to
move in, but it's red and it has
like a little roof and it looks
like it's made out of tapestry
and so they're riding this rhino
down what looks like a dirt
pathway towards what looks
almost like like an Aztec.
Kind of village. So there's
these pyramids that have large
stairwells going up to them and
there are two statues that are
in the shape of like men, but
they have bird like wings behind
them. And we see as they're
getting closer in the distance,
there is like a long, it almost
looks like a suspension bridge
made out of like rope connecting
to a.
A pointy structure that's in the
water.
So now that they're closer, we
do see that it is a suspension
bridge. It's very tattered and
it's kind of falling apart and
it's got like long pieces of.
Rope that's frayed and drooping
off of it.
So the boy and the girl are
running across this trying to
get to the top of this structure
which is growing or glowing like
the green light color at the
top.
So they get to the top of this
and it looks like what was up
there was one of the crayons. We
don't know for sure, but the
girl is holding something in her
hand and as they look down they
see the guards are running
across that suspension bridge
towards them and so they begin
to Draw Something again. And so
the boy is drawing four like
oblong.
Shapes and then the girl is
drawing a rectangular box.
So what they ended up drawing
was a large dragonfly. So the
boy was drawing the wings of the
dragonfly, and then the girl had
drawn a swing to connect it. And
so it's like a wooden swing that
has two ropes that kind of go
through the wood and not at the
bottom. And they're sitting on
that and the dragonfly is flying
away and they're just making it
out of reach of the guards
trying to grab them, and they
are flying off towards a
mountainous.
Area that is kind of snowy.
They get to this mountainous
area and they land on top of
another temple like structure
this one has.
Like some?
Like.
It's like a man who's sitting in
a yoke like a cross legged yoga
pose and he's got a sash and
then on top is like a roof and
then on top of that it almost
looks like a teacup. The teacup
doesn't have a handle and then
there's a lid and then like a
point on top of that and so they
climb down off of.
The swing that the girl had
drawn and they grab a blue or
was it? I think it's blue-green,
maybe dark green blue or dark
green crayon and stick it in the
sash of the girl's carrying them
on. But in the background we see
again the guards coming in on
these floating structures that
basically look like.
Some sort of like rowboat canoe,
but they're connected to like a
large blimp like balloon that
are coming towards them, so
they're flying through the air
and so the girl is holding up.
She's got all six of the crayons
now in her sash and they're
standing on top of this
structure.
So all of a sudden the guards
are kind of there. We see the
man in gold reaching as the
purple bird flies away with the
sash and and they're both both
man in gold. And another guard
are reaching towards the bird
and it looks like he's getting
away.
That's kind of all that's really
going on in that page.
So as the bird is flying, a jet
of rainbow kind of shoots out
from the six crayons and it goes
into the the pointy structure
that the kids are standing next
to and it kind of lights it up
and the rainbow kind of jets in
between the boy and the girl.
And it looks like it kind of
lets out like a burst of
colorful sparks and it kind of
sends a wave. So it looks like
it created some sort of like
pressure or burst that knocks
the the aircraft towards their
hind ends. And so the guards are
kind of tumbling backwards out
of their their structures and
kind of hanging on by the ropes
to stay or falling to their
deaths, basically.
And then we kind of get a
distant view and we see the
rainbow is arching all the way
down.
Across the city and across the
castle and it hits the boat that
the emperor had been on.
And it lands there, and the
emperor is cheering. He's got
his arms in the air, he's
looking back at the structure on
top of the mountain, and the
guards are all kind of falling
off the end of the boat and into
the water. And we see the bird
is kind of flying off from where
the rainbow landed.
So then we kind of have like an
overview picture of the whole
town, and it looks a lot happier
now. There's a bright rainbow in
the background and the light is
almost like like sunset, and
it's very like a yellowish
colors hitting the city. And
there's beautiful shadows kind
of hitting things. And we see
the different guards are no
longer, it doesn't seem like
they're in control of the city
anymore, it looks like.
Maybe the townspeople are in
control, or a different set of
guards who maybe aren't wanting
to steal these crayons. But we
do see the emperor, the boy, the
girl sitting atop of the purple
rhino.
The boy and the girl are inside
the little red carrying canvas,
and then the emperor's in front
of them, and then they are on
the paddle boat where the
emperor had been taken on and in
the water we see the tentacles
of the squid that had helped
them.
So the boat takes them back to
where the rock was that they
originally started with a small
waterfall and kind of the
gateway that leads to the
doorway that they started by.
And so it looks like they land
on this track, they go through
the gateway.
Like they're going to go through
the gateway and the emperor
starts to draw them something.
So he takes his yellowish orange
crayon and draws a crown and
puts down the boy's head and
draws another crown and puts on
the girl's head. And then they
turn to walk through the doorway
and wave to the emperor as he
kind of bows with his hands in a
praying position at his face.
So the boy and the girl are back
underneath the bridge in the
park and we see that there is.
So we're kind of looking at them
from, we're underneath the
bridge, underneath the bridge
looking at them and we're seeing
kind of the side of the bridge
from behind. And we see the back
of the little girl and the
little boy, we see the doorway
on the left and then there's a
bright rainbow kind of
overarching that the city that
they live in and we see the
purple.
bird, um staring off with them.
#END_quest
OK, good. And that was the story
and we can go on to the next
item.
It's a complex scene.
OK.
#START_waldo_1 So here we have a
city scene and it almost looks
like a more like a small town
than a big urban city. So most
of the buildings are two
stories.
And in the upper left hand area,
we have what looks like maybe a
school. There's a large white
building that has a clock above
a double red door and then there
is a chain link fence around it.
So that looks like a school
where there are some children
outside. To the right of that we
have what looks like maybe a
hospital, another white
building. There's a doctor and a
nurse outside and then we have
what looks like an ambulance
coming out of a ramp way.
In kind of the upper center area
where more into town in the far
right side it looks like the
police station. There's two
police officers carry with a man
who looks like he's about to get
booked by the policeman and to
the left of that there is a fire
station with a big red fire
truck. And then continuing down
it looks like we just got a
variety of some stores, so it
looks like there's a television
store.
With some people staring in the
front window looking at the TV's
and to the left of that there's
a shoe store. And it looks like
there are people that maybe live
upstairs of the shoe store. And
then to the left of that we have
a mechanic. So there's kind of
like an open garage area where
we have someone working on a
green car with the hood popped
and then continuing down that
block there is like a bus and
then.
It might be a hotel. It's a pink
building with lots of windows,
and there's a red and white
awning outside, and then there's
a gentleman in like a nice suit
who looks like maybe he's a bell
boy or something. And there's
people with suitcases outside,
so it looks like it'd be like a
ritzy hotel.
And then as we get further down
on the bottom left hand side of
the page.
It looks like there's an office
building, so in each window you
can see people sitting at
computers. It looks like kind of
doing just office work. And
there are people on the roof
looks like they're either like
sweeping chimneys or.
Feeding pigeons.
And then and on the far right
side there looks like.
Some sort of nice building. I
don't know if it's like a
courthouse or if it's City Hall,
but there's like a little bit of
a sculpture on the awning of
that building. And in the bottom
there's like a market area. So
there's some different stalls
with like blue and white
awnings, red and white awnings,
green and white awnings, and
there looks like they're selling
different items, like plants.
And then in the center of town
there's a triangular shaped area
that has a large fountain that's
spraying water and then there's
a statue.
of a man with a bow and arrow.
And then there's just some cars
and townspeople kind of going
about the rest of the city.
#END_waldo_1
OK.
That's good.
In total we have 26 items, so
we're almost there. This is 4.
#START_by_the_lake Alright, so
here we have a lake image and
it's kind of divided into 2 ish
areas. So in the center of the
page is and then towards the top
you get the water and then the
bottom and and kind of left and
right sides are the beach and
then the one different area's in
the upper right there's more of
like a woodsy cabin ish area. So
in the upper right hand corner
there's different greeneries. So
we have like some conifer trees,
some pine trees.
And then just some.
Like regular leaf trees and a
cabin with people standing on a
deck, the cabin looks like it's
made out of like wood or clay,
and there are people sitting at
a picnic table with a cooler
eating lunch.
There's a small stairwell that
leads down to kind of the right
side of the beach and there's
different people doing like
backbends and yoga poses. And as
you kind of get more into the
beach, there's a small dock with
people fishing off of it.
Um, there's people wading into
the water up to their ankles,
and there's people building
sandcastles and igloos and
there's one lady riding.
what are those things called a
Segway, she's riding a Segway on
the beach. Probably not the best
idea. There's an umbrella, it's
kind of busy for that. There's
umbrellas, lots of coolers, and
the beach is cramped, so there's
not a lot of room. There's a lot
of people on this beach and
they're playing different games
so that there's got there's like
soccer balls, there's shovels,
there's toy trucks, there's
beach chairs that people are
laying on, and there's kites
flying on the left side of the
beach. We see what looks like
bocci ball.
And the sand. So there's a small
ball with four larger balls
around it. Again, people having
fun. There's some people playing
sand volleyball on the left side
of the beach with a man jumping
up to kind of hit the spike.
Um.
There's like a small like
rowboat on the.
Left side of the beach, that's
red and white but it's parked in
the sand and then in the water
we have, yeah people just wading
in up into their knees. And then
we have people who are all the
way in people on other people
shoulders. We have people on
like different floating
apparatuses. So there's.
A large inflatable like mat.
There's some inner tubes,
there's a kayak, there's like a
jumping off platform towards the
deeper area of the lake that's
jam packed with people that you
can climb up on and then jump
off. There's a jet ski, a banana
boat, some paddle boarders, and
then as you get farther out
there's like a large rail boat
that has like a dragon head at
the front. And there are some
windsurfers, some double kayak
and there are some speed boats
who are pulling.
Water skiers. And then there's
like a water ski show where
there's a pyramid of people
standing on skis and then with
Off in the distance we have some
para sailors.
That's pretty much it.
#END_by_the_lake OK, sounds
good. So then we can.
Go to the next item.
Quite a busy scene.
Like I got it without my
glasses.
They're on, but I need a
stronger prescription for this
one.
#START_exhibit_12 So this scene
is it looks.
Like we're at like some sort of.
Museum or art show or something
like that. So it's just a large.
Area that is 3 levels high and
it's very crowded, so and it's
it's jam packed with people, the
walls are red and then there's a
lot of different like portraits
on these walls.
So on the base floor we see a
bunch of different people of all
different backgrounds wearing
all different types of outfits.
So we've got like.
People dressed as.
Gladiators, people dressed.
As.
Like farmers, people.
dressed as clowns, and they're
working on different paintings.
So some people are painting
large portraits of like a horse
and a knight, other are painting
pictures of like a king and then
they're hanging some pictures on
the wall, so.
In the bottom right hand corner
we have like a picture of a
clown and then people are kind
of fighting over putting
pictures up and taking pictures
down.
And in the.
Middle bottom there's a it looks
like an opening, which might be
the doorway that people are
coming through, and it's very
crowded and people are kind of
falling and tripping over each
other as they're getting into
this kind of gallery area.
And the far left there's a
person putting up a canvas.
On the wall using like.
Some glue and paint or whatever.
And then there's a stairwell and
people are carrying up different
framed photos and then so now
we're on the second level, which
is again jam packed with
different people, and we've got
some aliens, we've got some
scuba divers we've got.
Like a French artist.
There's really no rhyme or
reason to the people. And then
again, there's different
portraits on the walls, like
there's a man in jail.
There's what looks like a
bowling ball, maybe a man in a
suit, a farmer. There are some
people on ladders on the far
left side, climbing up high and
looks like they're painting on.
What is the description for this
image. And then on the right
hand side there's another
stairwell that leads to a
smaller landing.
And again, it's jam packed with
people. These people are like
looking at the images. There's
people taking an image down the
stairs. There are images of a
shark and like it looks like a
gnome. A cowboy maybe.
And they're all just kind of
staring at the different
pictures on the wall. And then
there's like some scaffolding
that a man is climbing up in the
center, but he doesn't seem to
be doing anything. He's just
standing on the scaffolding. And
that's all I want to say about
this picture. #END_exhibit_12
Hey, now we can go to the last
item.
It's a part that it's.
A graphic novel part of a
graphic novel. So again is.
As you go through the story, you
just describe what is happening
and what you see, OK?
#START_arrival_2 So this story
is starting with a group of
three. It looks like people
sitting on a ship and they're
kind of covered by like a white
sheet or a white blankets, like
over their head. So it acts as
like a a hood or a protection
from the wind. And then we see
some men in suit coats and
newsboy caps and fedoras.
There's a woman holding an
infant and then we come to a man
who is sitting on a rectangular.
Prism shaped suitcase and he is
writing in a journal and then he
goes to take out the page. He
rips it out and starts to fold
it into the shape of a bird. So
he's holding on to his origami
bird in his hand and he looks
behind him and he goes to stand
up.
And then he looked up and he
sees a bunch of what looked like
kind of like bird slash locust
slash fish creatures flying
through the air and they're
going over the ship that is kind
of packed with people, and all
the people are staring up
looking at these creatures
flying over them.
So now it looks like we might be
looking at the ship coming into
port at a city. So there's a
it's like a big shipyard, ships
of all different sizes. It's
kind of hazy or smoggy outside.
So we don't get a very clear
image of the city and it looks
very industrial and they're
coming up and we see a large
statue of two people. One person
is wearing like a cylindrical
hat and has a Bunny like
creature.
with a long tail on its right
arm and then the other person is
wearing a cone shaped hat and
has a bird like creature on his
shoulder and at their feet of
the person with the Bunny has a
suitcase like a cup of tea and
then it looks like some food
goods and then the person on the
right has.
Like a pot that has a lid and a
teapot and a cone, and it looks
like they're almost standing in
small ships or small boats and
they're shaking hands.
And so we see the people on the
boat looking at this and looking
at the general picture of this
city.
So we see them kind of coming
into port. It's the ship that
they're on is massive and it
looks like it's like made of
iron, so it's.
Newish ship, but also not that
new. It's like, I don't know
what age to put it at, but
Titanic era maybe. So these
people are coming in. We see a
couple more of those, like bird
locust creatures, and then we're
back on the ship and we see a
man in white talking through a
cone to amplify his voice. We
see some people pulling on some
different levers and hatches,
and then we see a man's hand.
His hand is gripping his
suitcase and we just kind of see
a crowd of people leaving the
ship, and now they're in like a
large crowded line standing on
the dock.
With all their suitcases and
packages at their feet.
#END_arrival_2
Alright, so that's everything.